hello everyone its Elina and a Beckman
of a video and today I want to talk to
you guys about books that you should
read before going to university and if
you're already in university and you
haven't read them here well I guess that
now is a good time to start reading them
so yeah here are the six books that I
think you should read before you start
your course at university number one
speak freely by Keith Whittington this
was actually the Princeton pre read and
as you can see I got it as a pre read
edition although I ended up rejecting
Princeton but you know I don't turn down
free books so I kept it and I think it
was a good idea to keep it because I
read it and I think it is a really
really important book because it touches
upon how universities should deal with
opinions that most of the people in the
university disagree with so right now a
lot of people you know seem to advocate
for this idea that if you're a liberal
your ideas are really good but if you're
a conservative
not so much especially in American
universities you can see this divide
between Democrats and Republicans and
Republicans seem to get more more afraid
of even voicing their opinions and you
know Whittington asks is that good when
we are not inviting people to open
discussion and debate can we really
change their minds because if you just
tell someone
oh you're Republican okay that basically
means you're a racist by then you are
not really incentivizing them to join
your side now this book is not written
fantastically I have to admit that it is
a great book it makes important points
but at times it is you know just
straining to read it so does this not a
book where you know every page contains
essential information I think you can
read it rather quickly his key points
come across even if you read it
relatively quickly it's fine
but I think the you know theses of the
book is important and that's why I would
hardly recommend reading it before you
go to university and speaking of talking
to people next I would recommend how to
talk to anyone so I think this book is
not the only book out there there are a
lot of books about you know talking to
people and I think they all tell you
very similar tips and tricks so I don't
think it matters too much which one you
read I am out of reading this and I
loved it because I'm somebody
it's naturally shy and introverted and I
don't talk to people a lot and that's a
problem when you're trying to make
friends or you know you try and find
people to have an academic conversation
with and this just really helped me to
project a little bit more confidence
when I talk to people and to also you
know start conversations because I'm not
a natural conversation starter
trust me but this book is amazing and it
really really helped me to you know get
over these awkward small talk moments
because you have a lot of these events
where you have to make small talk in
university this book is your best friend
and it helps you make friends in the
first week of college which everybody
wants so buy a book like that by the way
all the books that I'm mentioning are
linked in the infobox below so if you
want to get any of these you can just
use the links down below and yeah let's
move on to the next book okay the next
book is actually my favorite book and so
please don't trash it in the comments
it's called pax bean Wallflower by
Stephen Chbosky and there's also a movie
about it with Emma Watson the movie was
trashed
even though Emma Watson was it that
didn't save it um don't come for me it's
not a debate the movie was just bad but
um the book is really really good so the
book is about somebody who's a bit off
you could say like he just doesn't fit
in in high school and nobody really
knows why exactly but he you know he's
just a bit of an outsider he's a wolf
flower um and I think it's my favorite
book of all times because I read it at
the right point in time because I had
someone who just came into my class and
she was a lot like the main character of
this book and I don't think I would have
ever openly approached her about reading
this book so read this book because you
are gonna meet people and university who
all wallflowers that doesn't mean
they're not interesting it doesn't mean
that there's something wrong with them
but after reading this book I think you
will just see them in a bit of a
different line um so yeah I think this
is a book that anybody should read
actually you should already read it
while you're in high school but I think
it's a book that can just you know make
you approach people that you normally
wouldn't approach that's why I love this
book so much and that's why I would
recommend it to anyone
next a lot of people fall in love in
university Oh
davonne love and then I fell out of love
and that's why I love essays and love
essays and love is one of the most
beautiful books I've ever read it tells
a love story and how love can fall apart
and you know how at first we see people
in this perfect line things change
relationships develop and maybe you fall
out of love at some point and it teaches
you that you can fall back into love I
don't know
essays in love is beautiful and I think
it's a good reminder that relationships
do change but you know you still had a
wonderful time while you were in them
and yeah I don't know what else I can
say about this book I think you should
read it
you know if you ever have a bad breakup
while you're in uni or you know even if
a friendship falls apart I think this
book is just a great reminder that life
goes on and it's written so beautifully
that you just keep turning the pages
because you want to know more it's not
you know suspense written but you kind
of root for the characters in a way
because he just writes so well so yeah
what having had ever come in this book
and my last two books are a bit more
serious than the ones I've just
recommended so we're gonna start out
with outfits a doctor's eyewitness
report this is a very very short read in
terms of you know how many pages it has
you can read this really really quickly
I think I read it in like a weekend but
well this book may be a really easy read
in terms of its size it is a really
really tough read in terms of your
emotions and it hurts to read it I
really had to put it down a few times
because I was like okay I need to take a
break I need to process what I just read
and then I can keep reading but I think
everybody should read about the
Holocaust because it's something that a
comes up in a lot of degrees whether you
study philosophy ethics law it comes up
so often the other thing is it's such an
important reminder that you know what
you learn in university how to analyze
things and the knowledge you gain that
you should use it for good and that you
should never put it to use for
governments that come
atrocities like these read this book
it's important reminder and it's written
in such a way that you feel like you're
in Auschwitz like you can almost smell
the things that he smells and that's why
this book is really amazing it's maybe
not you know a perfect historical
analysis but I think it's something that
makes you understand just a little bit
of what these people went through we
will never be able to fully understand
it but I think this book gets as close
as we can get that's why I would highly
highly recommend reading this it's a
tough read for your emotions but it's
worth it and the last book that I'm
recommending is fiction so if the one
before is maybe just way too much for
you while you read it then at least read
this one 1984 by George Orwell 22
explain to you guys what it is about
know you guys got into university so
you've probably at least heard of this
book if not Google it uh-huh
basically this book is what you should
read in order to really understand the
impact of propaganda and of government
control and I am NOT an addict is that
anything I feel like the books are
recommending might give you that idea no
absolutely not
um but it reminds you of how precious it
is to have free speech and to be able to
pursue your studies the way you are
doing to you know investigate whatever
you want in the papers that you will
write for your midterms for your finals
maybe even for your thesis and to you
know really wander off in any direction
and to pursue knowledge just for the
sake of knowledge if you want to do that
and that's why 1984 is a really really
great book which I think just teaches
you to appreciate the world around you
but also to watch out that we can
maintain that freedom and that it's not
taken away from us yeah those are the
books that I recommend reading before
you go up to university and if you guys
want to know more about what kind of
books I read then you can follow me on
Goodreads which is linked in the infobox
below and there I share a lot about what
I read although I've recently forgotten
to update it but I'm coming back so
don't worry I have a lot of books that I
need to add to that list and they're all
pretty fab so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye